[voice-mail beeps]
Hey, Josh.
Where you been, man?
I've been texting you all week.
I just downloaded the "Blade" trilogy,
and I got some new weed
called Chupacabra's Nightmare.
It'll get you messed up!
Anyway, hang out with me.
Bye.
[militaristic music]
♪
Hey, guys.
How can I help you?
We're looking for Josh's best friend.
That's me. Come on in.
Can I offer you gentlemen some beers?
Thank you, we're fine.
You sure? It's no trouble at all.
If you're looking for Josh,
he's on his way over here right now, so...
[can cracks open]
[sighs] I'm afraid Josh
won't be coming over to hang out tonight.
Why not?
He got a girlfriend.
[gasps]
[somber music, beer splashing]
I-I-I-I-I-I just...
I don't understand.
How could this have happened?
He was walking alone
through a party late at night.
Visibility was low.
A woman named Kelly heard him
talking "House of Cards."
And she said
she also liked watching "House of Cards."
No.
They hooked up that night.
If it's any consolation,
it was over pretty quick.
Anyway, they're a thing now.
So... so... so how...
how long until
he can hang out again?
[melancholy piano music]
Son, it's not that simple.
This new girlfriend of
his, she's really hot.
It's like when you first see her,
it's like, "Whoa, she's hot!"
He's gonna want to be with her 24/7.
Doctors say he may never hang again.
You're wrong. Josh is a fighter, okay?
I'm his best friend!
He's gonna hang out with me again!
Son, you have our deepest sympathies.
What? No!
[stammering]
You guys want to watch the "Blade" trilogy?
It's already downloaded.
Actually, we just watched that,
like, two weeks ago.
It's really fun, but skip the third one.
Really?
Trailer's great,
but don't let that fool you.
Okay.
[upbeat music]
♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Synced and corrected by OussLP
- www.addic7ed.com
[trilling]
[laughs]
See, I told you it wouldn't be too spicy.
You were right.
She was very worried
that it would be too spicy.
But I told you. Who knows you, huh?
- You do.
- Know the answer?
Yeah, it's me.
Mike, it was so nice meeting you.
I got to go.
- No!
- Yeah.
- I'm so sad when you leave.
- I know. I know.
I'm sad when she leaves.
- Bye.
Bye.
I... I'll tell you, I'm smitten.
I can tell.
Tonight, we're gonna
make a salade nicoise,
which apparently is a salad
that you, like, eat for dinner.
No, no, no, you can't tonight.
We got plans.
What, what plans?
We were gonna get high
and talk onto the fan.
I remember we said
that would be a funny thing to do,
but they weren't, like, definite plans.
I mean, it wasn't
a definite plan, but...
Exactly.
Isn't she amazing?
But
it was...
See ya!
We talked
about... mm.
Great news, bro.
Crazy Wings paid off their health fines,
which means they can
legally serve food again,
and guys' night is back.
- Yeah, cool, man.
- _
- So you'll be there Friday?
- Yeah, sure.
- _
- So this is a plan, right?
- A definite plan.
- _
- Yeah, it's a definite plan.
- Awesome!
- _
- Okay, great. I'll see you there.
Wings are getting cold.
We wait for Josh.
[phone buzzes]
Ha, it's him.
"Hey, man, sorry.
"Feeling kind of beat.
Gonna stay in and hang with Kel."
Goddamn it, man!
Don't you guys see what's happening here?
First, he cuts our hours.
Next thing you know, we're part-time.
Then whoops, there goes guys' night.
Whoops, there goes the email chain.
I don't know about you sons of bitches,
but I am not gonna take this lying down.
[militaristic music]
Look, we're all here for
the same reason, right?
Since Josh got this new girlfriend,
we have all been feeling squeezed.
But if we want a strong negotiation,
we need to go to him with
specific demands, okay?
Uh, Liz, you go first.
I would like my brother Josh
to accompany me to Nana's house
so that I have someone to nudge
when she says all that racist stuff.
Good, okay.
Uh, Tom.
I think it would be nice
if Josh took a few
minutes every now and again
to help me with that Macintosh.
Just when it does that
spinning ball thing, you know?
'Cause every time I
try and do anything...
you know, Hotmail,
my "Tetris"...
I keep getting that darn ball.
Have you used... have
you seen this thing?
More computer help. We got it, Tom.
Swirly rainbow ball.
100%. Thank you. Is that everything?
Not by a long shot.
[suspenseful music]
I've been working as
Josh's mom for 28 years,
and I want him to honor
our original agreement.
I want to feed him every four hours
and give him a bath before bedtime.
I want to wash his tushy
and his dinky
and his bobos!
- Okay, enough.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Okay.
I want to wash them!
Uh, look...
[somber music]
We might not get all of our demands.
But, God damn it, I'll try.
[triumphant music]
[applause and cheers]
♪
And finally, most importantly,
my personal demands.
I am willing to go
from 40 hours of "Call of Duty" a week
down to 35.
When we go out to the bars,
we don't have to get
completely shit-housed,
but we do have to get hammered.
Lastly... and this one, I
simply cannot budge on...
we need to smoke weed every day.
Wow, okay.
I mean, Michael, you are living
in a dream world.
The landscape is changing.
The reality is, I have a girlfriend,
and I... I quite
enjoy her company.
So here's what we're prepared to offer.
[dramatic music]
[whispers] Wings once a week.
Wings once a week.
And?
And we think
that's a very fair and generous offer.
It's interesting.
Yeah, yeah, allow me to counter.
How about you take that offer
and you shove it up your
girlfriend-loving ass?
Okay, I think we've had
just about enough of this.
Yes, um...
you just lost wings.
[haunting music]
♪
You just lost wings.
Yeah, no, enough!
We got it!
You guys [Bleep] that up!
You [Bleep] it up for me!
- Oh!
- Mm!
Oh, you want to watch another episode?
- Do you? Yes.
- Yeah.
I got nowhere to be.
More hangout! More hangout! More hangout!
What is that?
That is... that is...
that is nothing.
Uh, just stay put one second.
Okay.
I'll be right back.
All: More hangouts! More hangouts!
Wait, look!
All right, hi, everyone.
Sorry, I just wanted to
give everyone an update.
So Kelly and are inside
watching "Mr. Robot,"
and that's not gonna change,
but if you want to join us, on our terms,
there's a spot for all of you on the couch.
No way, man.
We're not gonna cave, okay?
It... it's not a hangout
if Kelly's there.
It's a couples thing.
Please. Come on, man.
I'm your best friend.
I'm sorry, Mike.
[somber music]
I have to say,
I am a little curious
to meet the famous Kelly.
Maybe I'll just pop in
for a quick look.
What? No!
Tom!
Dude, I got to use the bathroom.
Do not cross the picket line!
Come on!
No, hey!
Guys, get back here now.
Guys!
Sorry, man.
It's over.
Some battles, you just can't win.
[somber music]
♪
[megaphone screeches]
So what are you up to this weekend?
You and Mike gonna get into some trouble?
Well, well...
uh, Mike and I aren't really
hanging out that much lately.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You know, it's okay,
'cause it means that I get
that much more time to hang out with you.
What should we do this weekend?
We can yoga,
flea markets...
I have that thing
this weekend, remember?
Uh-uh, no. What... what thing?
I'm going to the cabin
with my high school friends.
I thought I told you.
Yeah, yeah, no, that's cool.
I'll figure something else to do.
I just... tacos.
Tacos for one.
It would...
it would be really boring for you,
but...
I guess if you wanted...
to come...
Nnnnnnnnnn!
Are you serious?
I would love to!
All right, I'll start packing now.
Have you seen my trunks?
Not... don't
answer that.
Half the fun is finding.
[upbeat music]
♪
Hey, guys!
- Hey!
[screams]
All: The Kelster!
Guys, this is my boyfriend, Josh.
Um, the Joshster.
[bird cawing]
It could be a thing. It could be.
You know what?
We should shotgun some beers!
[all cheer]
[stammering]
Are sure it's cool for me to be here?
- You're gonna fit right in.
- All right.
[light music]
- Yeah.
♪
[all laughing]
This place has some memories, man.
Yeah, like when
Spencer ate too much pizza
and blew chunks in the hot tub.
All: More cheese, please!
Will I ever live that down?
What is that? What is that?
Oh, it's stupid.
It's just an inside joke.
You kind of had to be there.
My friends and I, we
have inside jokes too.
[crickets chirping, flames crackling]
That was also the summer...
[suspenseful music]
Everything changed.
And we were forever linked.
[suspenseful music crescendos]
Sorry, why... why?
Why... why are you
forever linked?
Again, it's so stupid.
But there was this one time after prom
we were all driving to this very cabin,
and things got a little out of hand,
and we accidentally ran over a lumberjack.
We buried him in the woods,
but then he was resurrected by the devil.
[eerie music]
I guess you kind of had to be there.
No... no, I... I
get it completely.
Wow, look at this,
a puzzle!
All right, now we're in business.
Guys, look at this.
- [suspenseful music]
- _
Are we doing the puzzle or not?
The lumberjack is back!
- We killed him.
- I'm so scared.
We're all gonna die.
Oh, sorry, man.
I meant we were all gonna die.
Just us.
Oh, I get it.
♪
[sighs loudly]
[somber music]
_
The Blade had returned a second time
and fallen right into my trap.
Some Blades, it seems,
are not so sharp.
_
Damn it.
[sighs]
[suspenseful music]
[screams]
Who are you?
I'm Kelly's boyfriend.
I just kind of tagged along.
Oh.
[roaring]
♪
[people yelling and screaming]
[blade slashing]
Hey, you.
Oh, hi, hi.
How... how's the
lumberjack thing going?
Well, Jamal's dead,
so that was pretty intense.
Are you having fun?
Yeah!
Yeah, I guess.
Hey, what's wrong?
It's just you and your friends
have, like, a secret history
that I'm not a part of,
with the nicknames and
the undead lumberjack.
I just feel like maybe we haven't
gotten the chance to hang out that much.
Okay, well, what do you want to do?
You... you can help
me with this puzzle.
Sure.
All right, good.
So I've been trying to tackle the clouds...
[screaming]
Which is actually tricky business,
because they look a lot like the pond
and also just white stuff.
- Get the axe!
- I got it!
Oh, hey, here. Let me pick your brain.
Does this look like a part of a bird
or a piece of a pussy willow to you?
Oh, oh. Oh!
[blade slashing]
Hey, hey, Kel?
I'm gonna try and lure him!
Bird, pussy willow?
-  Spencer, no!
- I don't know, a bird? [gasps]
You didn't even look.
Oh... I didn't... come on.
I didn't come all this
way to do stupid puzzle.
You think this puzzle's stupid?
[people screaming]
There's so much blood!
So what would you like to do?
- It's everywhere!
- Oh, my God!
Uh...
[groans]
I want to hang out with my friends.
[suspenseful music]
I just think it's bullshit
that you invited me all the way up here
just to ignore me.
I didn't invite you.
You invited yourself.
Yes, because I've alienated Mike
and all my friends
so I could hang out with you more.
I never asked you to do that.
And, honestly, I think it's weird
that you stopped hanging
out with your friends.
Huh, you want to know
what I think is weird?
That you guys still come to a cabin
that you know for a fact
is haunted by an undead lumberjack!
[flames whooshing]
The fire's making him stronger!
Run!
I'm... I'm sorry, Josh.
I don't think I can do this anymore.
No! [blade slashing]
[screaming]
[somber music]
♪
[gunshot]
Who would've guessed that
Blade would thrice return
and thrice would fall
right into my...
What's up? It's Mike. [voice-mail beeps]
Hey, hey, it's Josh.
So yeah.
I'm in your hood, so let me know
if you want to hang out.
Cool, bye.
[light music]
♪
Josh.
Crazy Wings!
Where's Kelly at?
I thought you guys were pretty much
hanging full-time.
Uh,
yeah, that...
it didn't really work out.
Uh, I tried to hang out with her friends,
but it just made me realize
that I've much rather be
hanging out with you.
So let's finish the "Blade" trilogy.
I finished it a while ago.
Oh, cool, all right, we
can watch something else.
Look, Josh.
I'm sorry your relationship ended,
but we can't just go
back to the way we were.
Could we just hang out?
Is dinner ready?
Not yet, sweetheart.
Why don't you go set the table?
Who's that?
Don't you recognize her?
The dark eyes, the nervous
way she carries herself?
She's our daughter, Josh.
[somber music]
♪
How? How did this happen?
How do you think it happened?
We accidentally jizzed
into the same toilet,
and then it got struck by lightning.
And that resulted in a child?
It is so easy for you to show up here
asking questions now that
it's convenient for you.
Well, I want you to know that we
are doing just fine without you.
Mike...
Thank you for stopping by.
I appreciate the wings.
Dad, are... are you okay?
Yeah, I'm fine, Sophie.
Just... I got something
in my eye. [crying]
He told me you were dead.
No, I'm not dead...
I'm very much alive.
And I... I would like to
be Mike's friend again.
I think that's bullshit.
[somber music]
♪
You... you told her I was dead?
It's easier than telling her the truth:
that you abandoned us.
Ugh.
Okay, I messed up,
but I can... I can fix this.
I can be better.
I don't know. Josh.
I just... I don't know.
How about I take Sophie
for a nice day tomorrow?
If you're gonna do this,
you better do it right,
'cause I will be damned
if I let you disappoint us again.
You got it.
Do you like your sandwich?
I think it sucks.
Right.
Would you maybe want to eat
something else, like dessert?
We can get dessert, like...
let's get one hot fudge sundae
with extra cherries, please.
That's for you.
Maraschino cherries
aren't even legally food.
Yeah.
So you like to draw.
I guess.
Would it be cool if I
took a little peak or...
Whatever. It's stupid anyway.
You did that?
These are amazing.
I...
You...
wow.
Wow!
I think the dragon's my favorite.
I just started drawing dragons.
Oh, yeah, so why don't you tell me,
who's... who's this?
Her name's Malizar.
She shoots fire out of her snout.
Hmm.
I bet sometimes you
feel like shooting fire.
[light music]
♪
Do you want to see some Elven Warriors?
I would love to.
Incredible.
Even more incredible.
[door opens]
Hey, there they are!
How was your day?
It wasn't lame.
Whoa!
Big compliment from the Soph.
[chuckles]
Um, well, I should probably get going.
Are you staying for dinner?
I... well, it's up to Mike.
Why don't you go wash up, sweetheart?
Mike, I know I missed a lot:
the ending of the "Blade" trilogy,
the birth of our daughter.
I just want to make up for lost time, man.
I...
will you give me one more shot?
Will you be my best friend again?
Sophie!
Yeah?
Set another place at the table.
I was just about to order wings.
You got everything, right, sweetie?
Your laptop, your pencils, your erasers.
Oh, and those boots you love.
Did you remember the boots?
Yes, I have everything.
[chuckles]
I'm really glad you
guys are friends again.
It's pretty cool.
College already.
I can't believe it.
I know.
Seems like only yesterday she
was crawling out of that toilet.
Yeah.
Synced and corrected by OussLP
- www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org